# Teensy Audio ShieldFunctions built-in to the top-level SGTL5000 Object, typically named "AudioShield"## Audio ShieldControl the SGTL5000 chip on the audio shield. SGTL5000 is always used in slavemode, where Teensy controls all I2S timing.### Audio ConnectionsThis object has no audio inputs or outputs. Separate i2s objects are used tosend and receive audio data. I2S master mode objects must be used, because thisobject configures the SGTL5000 in slave mode, where it depends on Teensy toprovide all I2S clocks. This object controls how the SGTL5000 will use those I2Saudio streams.### FunctionsThese are the most commonly used SGTL5000 functions.#### enable();Start the SGTL5000. This function should be called first.#### volume(level);Set the headphone volume level. Range is 0 to 1.0, but 0.8 corresponds to themaximum undistorted output for a full scale signal. Usually 0.5 is a comfortablelistening level. The line level outputs are not changed by this function.#### inputSelect(input);Select which input to use: AUDIO_INPUT_LINEIN or AUDIO_INPUT_MIC.#### micGain(dB);When using the microphone input, set the amplifier gain. The input number is indecibels, from 0 to 63.### Signal LevelsThe default signal levels should be used for most applications, but thesefunctions allow you to customize the analog signals.#### muteHeadphone();Silence the headphone output.#### unmuteHeadphone();Turn the headphone output on.#### muteLineout();Silence the line level outputs.#### unmuteLineout();Turn the line level outputs on.#### lineInLevel(both);Adjust the sensitivity of the line-level inputs. Fifteen settings are possible: 0: 3.12 Volts p-p 1: 2.63 Volts p-p 2: 2.22 Volts p-p 3: 1.87 Volts p-p 4: 1.58 Volts p-p 5: 1.33 Volts p-p  (default) 6: 1.11 Volts p-p 7: 0.94 Volts p-p 8: 0.79 Volts p-p 9: 0.67 Volts p-p10: 0.56 Volts p-p11: 0.48 Volts p-p12: 0.40 Volts p-p13: 0.34 Volts p-p14: 0.29 Volts p-p15: 0.24 Volts p-p#### lineInLevel(left, right);Adjust the sensitivity of the line-level inputs, with different settings forleft and right. The same 15 settings are available.#### lineOutLevel(both);Adjust the line level output voltage range. The following settings are possible:13: 3.16 Volts p-p14: 2.98 Volts p-p15: 2.83 Volts p-p16: 2.67 Volts p-p17: 2.53 Volts p-p18: 2.39 Volts p-p19: 2.26 Volts p-p20: 2.14 Volts p-p21: 2.02 Volts p-p22: 1.91 Volts p-p23: 1.80 Volts p-p24: 1.71 Volts p-p25: 1.62 Volts p-p26: 1.53 Volts p-p27: 1.44 Volts p-p28: 1.37 Volts p-p29: 1.29 Volts p-p  (default)30: 1.22 Volts p-p31: 1.16 Volts p-p#### lineOutLevel(left, right);Adjust the line level output voltage range, with separate settings for left andright. The same settings (13 to 31) are available.### Signal ConditioningUsually these digital signal conditioning features should be left at theirdefault settings.#### adcHighPassFilterFreeze();By default, the analog input (either line-level inputs or mic) is high-passfiltered, to remove any DC component. This function freezes the filter, so thecurrent DC component is still subtracted, but the filter stops tracking any DCor low frequency changes.##### adcHighPassFilterDisable();Completely disable the analog input filter. DC and sub-audible low frequenciesare allowed to enter the digital signal. This may reduce noise in some cases.#### adcHighPassFilterEnable();Turn the DC-blocking filter back on, if disabled, or allows it to resumetracking DC and low frequency changes, if previously frozen. This is the defaultsetting.#### dacVolume(both);Normally output volume should be used with volume(), which changes the analoggain in the headphone amplifier. This function on the other hand controlsdigital attenuation before conversion to analog, which reduces resolution, butallows another fine control of output signal level. The ranges is 0 to 1.0, withthe default (no digital attenuation) at 1.0.dacVolume uses zero-crossing detect to avoid clicks, and graceful ramping ishandled by the chip so that a new volume may be set directly in a single call.#### dacVolume(left, right);Adjust the digital output volume separately on left and right channels.#### dacVolumeRamp();Enable graceful volume ramping. The dacVolume adjusts gradually using anexponential curve. Pops or loud clicks are avoided when making large changes involume level.#### dacVolumeRampLinear();Enable faster volume ramping. A slight click may be heard during a large volumechange.#### dacVolumeRampDisable();Do not use any gradual ramping. The zero cross feature still helps for smallchanges, but large volume changes may produce a pop or click.## Audio ProcessorThe optional digital audio processor is capable of implementing one or more of:automatic volume control, surround sound control, bass enhancement, and tonaladjustments (either a simple tone control, or a parametric equalizer, or agraphic equalizer), in that order.These signal processing features are implemented in the SGTL5000 chip, so theydo not consume CPU time on Teensy. However, the order of these processes isfixed in the hardware.It is good practice to mute the outputs before enabling or disabling the AudioProcessor, to avoid clicks or thumps.#### audioPreProcessorEnable();Enable the audio processor to pre-process the input (from either line-levelinputs or microphone) before it's sent to Teensy by I2S.#### audioPostProcessorEnable();Enable the audio processor to post-process Teensy's I2S output before it'sturned into analog signals for the headphones and/or line level outputs.#### audioProcessorDisable();Disable the audio processor.#### autoVolumeControl(maxGain, response, hardLimit, threshold, attack, decay);Configures the auto volume control, which is implemented as a compressor/expanderor hard limiter.maxGain is the maximum gain that can be applied for expanding, and can take oneof three values: 0 (0dB), 1 (6.0dB) and 2 (12dB). Values greater than 2 aretreated as 2.response controls the integration time for the compressor and can take fourvalues: 0 (0ms), 1 (25ms), 2 (50ms) or 3 (100ms). Larger values average thevolume over a longer time, allowing short-term peaks through.If hardLimit is 0, a 'soft knee' compressor is used to progressively compresslouder values which are near to or above the threashold (the louder they are,the greater the compression). If it is 1, a hard compressor is used (all valuesabove the threashold are the same loudness).The threashold is specified as a float in the range 0dBFS to -96dBFS,where -18dBFS is a typical value.attack is a float controlling the rate of decrease in gain when the signal isover threashold, in dB/s.decay controls how fast gain is restored once the level drops below threashold,again in dB/s. It is typically set to a longer value than attack.#### autoVolumeEnable();Enables auto volume control, using the previously specified settings.#### autoVolumeDisable();Disables auto volume control.#### surroundSoundEnable();Enable virtual surround processing, to give a broader and deeper stereo image(even with mono input).#### surroundSoundDisable();Disable virtual surround processing. Before disabling, ramp up the width tomaximum to avoid pops.#### surroundSound(width);Configures virtual surround width from 0 (mono) to 7 (widest).#### surroundSound(width, select);Configures virtual surround width from 0 (mono) to 7 (widest). select may be setto 1 (disable), 2 (mono input) or 3 (stereo input).#### enhanceBassEnable();Enable bass enhancement. A mono, low-pass filtered copy of the original stereosignal has bass levels boosted and is then mixed back into the stereo signal,which is then optionally high pass filtered (to remove inaudible subsonicfrequencies).#### enhanceBassDisable();Disable bass enhancement. Before disabling, ramp down the bass enhancement levelto zero.#### enhanceBass(lr_lev, bass_lev);Configures the bass enhancement by setting the levels of the original stereosignal and the bass-enhanced mono level which will be mixed together. There isno high-pass filter.When changing bass level, call this function repeatedly to ramp up or down thebass in steps of 0.5dB, to avoid pops.#### enhanceBass(lr_lev, bass_lev, hpf_bypass, cutoff);Configures the bass enhancement by setting the levels of the original stereosignal and the bass-enhanced mono level which will be mixed together. Thehigh-pass filter may be enabled (0) or bypassed (1). The cutoff frequency isspecified as follows:value  frequency 0      80Hz 1     100Hz 2     125Hz 3     150Hz 4     175Hz 5     200Hz 6     225HzWhen changing bass level, call this function repeatedly to ramp up or down thebass in steps of 0.5dB, to avoid pops.#### eqSelect(n);Selects the type of frequency control, where n is one ofFLAT_FREQUENCY (0)Equalizers and tone controls disabled, flat frequency response.PARAMETRIC_EQUALIZER (1)Enables the 7-band parametric equalizer, thus disabling the tone controls andgraphic equalizer.TONE_CONTROLS (2)Enables bass and treble tone controls, disabling the parametric equalization andgraphic equalizer.GRAPHIC_EQUALIZER (3)Enables the five-band graphic equalizer, disabling the parametric equalizationand tone controls.#### eqBands(bass, treble);Configures bass and treble tone controls, which are implemented as one secondorder low pass filter (bass) in parallel with one second order high pass filter(treble).When changing bass or treble level, call this function repeatedly to ramp up ordown the level in steps of 0.04 (=0.5dB) or so, to avoid pops.#### eqBands(bass, mid_bass, midrange, mid_treble, treble);Configures the graphic equalizer. It is implemented by five parallel, secondorder biquad filters with fixed frequencies of 115Hz, 330Hz, 990Hz, 3kHz, and9.9kHz. Each band has a range of adjustment from 1.00 (+12dB) to -1.00(-11.75dB).#### eqBand(bandNum, n);Configures the gain or cut on one band in the graphic equalizer. bandnum canrange from 1 to 5; n is a float in the range 1.00 to -1.00.When changing a band, call this function repeatedly to ramp up the gain in stepsof 0.5dB, to avoid pops.#### eqFilter(filterNum, filterParameters);configures the parametric equalizer. The number of filters (1 to 7) is specifiedalong with a pointer to an array of filter coefficients. The parametricequalizer is implemented using 7 cascaded, second order bi-quad filters whosefrequencies, gain, and Q may be freely configured, but each filter can only bespecified as a set of filter coefficients.#### eqFilterCount(n);Enables zero or more of the already enabled parametric filters.ExamplesNearly all of the library's examples use this object. These examples demonstrateits special features. See the files in Examples > Audio > HardwareTesting :dap_bass_enhancedap_avc_agcbalanceDACbalanceHPCalcBiquadToneControlDAPVolumeRamp