AudioEffectChorusSummaryThe chorus effect simulates the richness of several nearly-identical sound sources (like the way a choir sounds different to a single singer). It does this by sampling from a delay line, so each voice is actually the same but at a slightly different point in time. This is a type of comb filtering.Chorus combines one or more samples ranging from the most recent sample back to about 50ms ago. The additional samples are evenly spread through the supplied delay line, and there is no modulation.If the number of voices is specified as 2, then the effect combines the current sample and the oldest sample (the last one in the delay line). If the number of voices is 3 then the effect combines the most recent sample, the oldest sample and the sample in the middle of the delay line.For two voices the effect can be represented as:result = (sample(0) + sample(dt))/2where sample(0) represents the current sample and sample(dt) is the sample in the delay line from dt milliseconds ago.Audio ConnectionsPort	PurposeIn 0	Signal InputOut 0	Chorused OutputFunctionsbegin(delayBuffer, length, n_chorus);Create a chorus by specifying the address of the delayline, the total number of samples in the delay line (often done as an integer multiple of AUDIO_BLOCK_SAMPLES) and the number of voices in the chorus including the original voice (so, 2 and up to get a chorus effect, although you can specify 1 if you want).voices(n_chorus);Alters the number of voices in a running chorus (previously started with begin).ExamplesFile > Examples > Audio > Effects > ChorusNotesThe longer the length of the chorus, the more memory blocks are used.