AudioEffectEnvelopeSummaryModify a signal with a DAHDSR (Delay Attack Hold Decay Sustain Release) envelope.Audio ConnectionsPort	PurposeIn 0	Signal InputOut 0	Signal with Envelope AppliedFunctionsnoteOn();Begin the delay to attack, or the attack phase is delay is zero.noteOff();Begin the release phase.delay(milliseconds);Set the delay from noteOn to the attach phase. The default is zero, for no delay.attack(milliseconds);Set the attack time. The default is 10.5 milliseconds. The maximum is 11880 milliseconds.hold(milliseconds);Set the hold time. The default is 2.5 milliseconds. The maximum is 11880 milliseconds.decay(milliseconds);Set the decay time. The default is 35 milliseconds. The maximum is 11880 milliseconds.sustain(level);Set the sustain level. The range is 0 to 1.0. The gain will be maintained at this level after the decay phase, until noteOff() is called. The sustain phase may last any length of time, controlled by when release() is called.release(milliseconds);Set the release time. The default is 300 millisecond. The maximum is 11880 milliseconds.releaseNoteOn(milliseconds);Set a quick release time to be used when a new note is started while the envelop is in any state passing the signal. This will add latency before your new attack phase begins, so short times are recommended. Zero may be used to completely disable this feature (never extra latency). Longer times help reduce clicks or pops. The default is 5 millisecond.isActive();Returns true when the envelope is currently in any of its 6 phases.isSustain();Returns true when the envelope is currently in the sustain phase.ExamplesFile > Examples > Audio > Synthesis > PlaySynthMusicFile > Examples > Audio > Synthesis > pulseWidthFile > Examples > Audio > MemoryAndCpuUsageNotesTo achieve the more common ADSR shape, simply set delay and hold to zero.