AudioFilterBiquadSummaryBiquadratic cascaded filter, useful for all sorts of filtering. Up to 4 stages may be cascaded.Audio ConnectionsPort	PurposeIn 0	Signal to be filteredOut 0	Filtered Signal OutputFunctionssetLowpass(stage, frequency, Q);Configure one stage of the filter (0 to 3) with low pass response, with the specified corner frequency and Q shape. If Q is higher that 0.7071, be careful of filter gain (see below).setHighpass(stage, frequency, Q);Configure one stage of the filter (0 to 3) with high pass response, with the specified corner frequency and Q shape. If Q is higher that 0.7071, be careful of filter gain (see below).setBandpass(stage, frequency, Q);Configure one stage of the filter (0 to 3) with band pass response. The filter has unity gain at the specified frequency. Q controls the width of frequencies allowed to pass.setNotch(stage, frequency, Q);Configure one stage of the filter (0 to 3) with band reject (notch) response. Q controls the width of rejected frequencies.setLowShelf(stage, frequency, gain, slope);Configure one stage of the filter (0 to 3) with low shelf response. A low shelf filter attenuates or amplifies signals below the specified frequency. Frequency controls the slope midpoint, gain is in dB and can be both positive or negative. The slope parameter controls steepness of gain transition. A slope of 1 yields maximum steepness without overshoot, lower values yield a less steep slope. See the picture below for a visualization of the slope parameter's effect. Be careful with positive gains and slopes higher than 1 as they introduce gain (see warning below).setHighShelf(stage, frequency, gain, slope);Configure one stage of the filter (0 to 3) with high shelf response. A high shelf filter attenuates or amplifies signals above the specified frequency. Frequency controls the slope midpoint, gain is in dB and can be both positive or negative. The slope parameter controls steepness of gain transition. A slope of 1 yields maximum steepness without overshoot, lower values yield a less steep slope. See the picture below for a visualization of the slope parameter's effect. Be careful with positive gains and slopes higher than 1 as they introduce gain (see warning below).setCoefficients(stage, array[5]);Configure one stage of the filter (0 to 3) with an arbitrary filter response. The array of coefficients is in order: B0, B1, B2, A1, A2. Each coefficient must be less than 2.0 and greater than -2.0. The array should be type double. Alternately, it may be type int, where 1.0 is represented with 1073741824 (230).ExamplesFile > Examples > Audio > Effects > FilterNotesFilters can with gain must have their input signals attenuated, so the signal does not exceed 1.0.This object implements up to 4 cascaded stages. Unconfigured stages will not pass any signal.Biquad filters with low corner frequency (under about 400 Hz) can run into trouble with limited numerical precision, causing the filter to perform poorly. For very low corner frequency, the State Variable (Chamberlin) filter should be used.